# IntroSDE Assignment 1

#####First assignment of the Introduction to Service and Engineering course in unitn


The project is based on the use of XML files, how to parse them using XPath and to serialize/deserialize them.

###HOW IT IS IMPLEMENTED
There are 4 main packages:

- `xpath`: contains `PeopleXMLReader` which is used to load and parse people.xml file

- `jaxb`: contains `JAXBMarshaller` which has methods like marshalToXML and unMarshallFromXML to serialize/deserialize objects and XML files. Also contains `CustomValidationEventHandler`, an implementation of the ValidationEventHandler interface, needed to handle event errors and warnings

- `execute`: contains the runnable classes (which are targets in the build.xml file)  `MarshalPeople` and `ReadPeopleXML`. ReadPeopleXML uses the PeopleXMLReader class to load people.xml file, parse it and print the results. MarshalPeople uses the JAXBMarshaller class to serialize a People object to xml and then deserialize it back

- `people`: this package is generated by JAXB from the people.xml file. It contains the classes `People` (with the schema definition of the object People and the XML annotation) and `ObjectFactory` (with the methods used to create a new People object)

###WHAT IT DOES
The code accomplishes several tasks:

- Prints all the people in the people.xml file with details
- Prints the health profile of person 5
- Prints all people with weight > 90 kg
- Creates a People object with 3 persons in it and then it marshals to an XML file (and also print the XML to screen)
- Unmarshals the created XML file back to an People object and print details of all the people in it
- Marshals the People object to JSON file

The first 3 tasks are done in the main method of the ReadPeopleXML class. To accomplish that it uses the PeopleXMLReader class.

The last 3 task are done in the main method of the MarshalPeople class. It creates a People object, adds 3 Person to it and serialize/deserialize using the JAXBMarshaller class.

###HOW TO USE IT

	git clone https://github.com/federico-fiorini/introsde-2015-assignment-1.git
	cd introsde-2015-assignment-1
	ant compile
	ant execute.evaluation
